README.md, before:

Role Name
=========

A brief description of the role goes here.

Requirements
------------

Any pre-requisites that may not be covered by Ansible itself or the role should be mentioned here. For instance, if the role uses the EC2 module, it may be a good idea to mention in this section that the boto package is required.

Role Variables
--------------

A description of the settable variables for this role should go here, including any variables that are in defaults/main.yml, vars/main.yml, and any variables that can/should be set via parameters to the role. Any variables that are read from other roles and/or the global scope (ie. hostvars, group vars, etc.) should be mentioned here as well.

Dependencies
------------

A list of other roles hosted on Galaxy should go here, plus any details in regards to parameters that may need to be set for other roles, or variables that are used from other roles.

Example Playbook
----------------

Including an example of how to use your role (for instance, with variables passed in as parameters) is always nice for users too:

    - hosts: servers
      roles:
         - { role: username.rolename, x: 42 }

License
-------

BSD

Author Information
------------------

An optional section for the role authors to include contact information, or a website (HTML is not allowed).

Commit message:

added readme and meta/main.yml

README.md, after:

NetActuate Compute Node
=========

This role is for using the NetActuate Compute Node module

Requirements
------------

The only requirement besides Ansible is the Apache Lib Cloud module


Role Variables
--------------

List of required Role or Host variables

	state
		Desired state. One of [ present, running, stopped, terminated ]
	location
		Install location. ID or full name of location from portal.
	operating_system
		Install OS. ID or full name of OS from portal.
	ssh_public_key
		Path to your public key file.
	mbpkgid
		Package ID of purchased package to work with.
	hostname
		FQDN to set and identify host by.
	auth_token
		API key from settings page on portal.

Dependencies
------------

This role does not depend on any other roles, it is the base role to ensure your OS is installed and running.

Example Playbook
----------------

This is the minimum you need in a playbook to ensure running state on all nodes in your inventory

- name: Running
  hosts: all
  remote_user: root
  gather_facts: no
  roles:
    - role: netactuate-compute-node
      state: running

License
-------

GPLv2
